feat(prometheus) Implement HTTP client metrics (#663)
reddit/baseplate.py: docs/api/baseplate/clients/requests.rst

      }
   )

> You can specify an optional `client_name` in any requests client. When
> prometheus metrics are emitted, this name will be used for the label
> `http_slug`. If `client_name` is not manually specified, we default back
> to the name of the client within the context (in this case, `foo` and `bar`).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prometheus metrics include the `http_slug` label, by default the label
value is set to the key name provided in the context. In the provided code 
example the  `http_slug` labels will have the values `foo` and `bar`. If you 
would like to change the value of this label you can provide the 
`client_name` keyword argument when you create the requests client. 
```

      }
   )

Prometheus metrics include the `http_slug` label, by default the label

> value is set to the key name provided in the context. In the provided code

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
value is set to the key name provided in the context. In the above code
```
